A source from the authority said it planned to standardise its misconduct investigations, and after a probe had been completed it would be up to the hospital involved to suggest to patients or their relatives whether the case would be referred to the council.
Under the change, a probe is likely to be led by at least three parties - an administrative staff member assigned by the authority, a staff member from the hospital where the suspected misconduct took place, and a frontline practitioner.
Medical Council chairman Professor Joseph Lau Wan-yee said last month the authority was referring so few cases he feared misconduct was being swept under the carpet.
A California attorney is facing license suspension for alleged deceptive advertising by photoshopping herself into cozy pictures with politicians and celebrities on her official website.
The California State Bar Court is recommending Svitlana Sangary be suspended from practicing law for six months, after an investigation showed her website featured fake publicity photos of her next to President Barack Obama, former President Bill Clinton, Hillary Clinton, Arnold Schwarzenegger, George Clooney, Kim Kardashian, Ellen DeGeneres and others.
The California Bar Association says Sangary's suspension does not go into effect until approved by the California Supreme Court and is recommending two-and-a-half years of probation after the six-month suspension.
On Friday, CNN contacted Sangary for comment, and she said she would call back shortly. "I will tell you much more later," she said. Later in the day, she declined additional immediate comment.
The BBC's Babita Sharma says the number of protesters appears to be dwindling
Continue reading the main story
HK protests

Gracie: What I'd ask Leung
Protest symbols
Messages on the wall
Tiananmen echoes
Hundreds of pro-democracy campaigners remain camped out on the streets of Hong Kong as a government deadline for them to leave passed without incident.

But their numbers dwindled overnight and civil servants have returned to work in the government's headquarters.

The protesters are angry at China's plans to vet candidates when Hong Kong holds elections in 2017.

They are demanding that the central government in Beijing allow a fully free vote for the territory's leader.

The BBC's Juliana Liu in Hong Kong says the protesters appear to have decided to beat a strategic, possibly temporary, retreat - partly out of sheer exhaustion, as the demonstrations entered their second week.

She says activists have been encouraged by news that student leaders have begun meeting government officials to lay the groundwork for talks on political reform.

Government employees arrive to work as they walk along an area occupied by protesters outside of the government headquarters building in Hong Kong 6 October 2014
Government employees returned to work on Monday morning
Tens of thousands of people have been on the streets in the past week, but only about 100 protesters remained outside government offices at the Admiralty protest site on Monday morning, and just 10 people were sitting outside the chief executive's office, according to the South China Morning Post earlier on Monday.

Several hundred remain in Mong Kok, north of the harbour, despite earlier calls by organisers for protesters to withdraw from that site, following clashes at the weekend with people opposed to the demonstrations. A smaller number of protesters are still camped out at Causeway Bay.

Grey line
Analysis: John Sudworth, BBC News, Hong Kong

There have been moments over the past week when it has seemed as if the protests might dwindle of their own accord.

Many protesters know that, in reality, there is little chance of Beijing agreeing to give Hong Kong any more democracy and so, perhaps, all the authorities have needed to do, is wait for fatigue and the feeling of futility to take their toll.

But instead the opposite has happened. The tear gas last weekend, the sinister mob attacks of this weekend and then the apparent ultimatum issued by Hong Kong's leader have all served to galvanise support and strengthen the protesters' resolve.

Last night, the widely anticipated attempt to clear the protesters from the street, ahead of the Monday morning deadline, never came. Recognition, perhaps, that if there's anything that protest movements fear as much as the threat of force, then it's being ignored.

Grey line
Overnight, some protesters in Central dismantled barricades and cleared roads so government officials could get in to work.

The BBC's John Sudworth in Hong Kong said that the remaining protesters had slept peacefully on Sunday night on mats laid out across the eight-lane highway that runs through the financial district.

While there is little chance of Beijing agreeing to offer any concessions, the number of students still on the streets suggests they will not give up as easily as the authorities had hoped, says our correspondent.

Alex Chow, secretary-general of one of the main protest movements the Hong Kong Federation of Students, told reporters he was not worried about the crowd dwindling. He said "people need rest, but they will come out again. It doesn't mean the movement is diminishing. Many people still support it."

Jump media playerMedia player helpOut of media player. Press enter to return or tab to continue.
The BBC's John Sudworth says "the endgame may well have begun"
Over the weekend Hong Kong Chief Executive CY Leung had called on the protesters to end the demonstrations, warning that police had a responsibility to take all actions necessary to resume social order.

He said civil servants had to return to work and children needed to go to school.

Protest groups had said they would agree to the government's offer of talks if the attacks on them were investigated and protest sites were not forcefully cleared.

But discussions about opening a formal dialogue faltered after the sides failed to agree on basic principles on which the talks should be held.

Map
Protests camped out outside main government complex - 6 October
The remaining protesters slept peacefully on the main road of Hong Kong's financial district on Sunday night
Policemen stand in front of protesters on a main road in Mong Kok district in Hong Kong - 5 October 2014
Hong Kong's leader said police had a responsibility to restore social order if protesters refused to go home
Hope for talks
The talks had originally been scheduled for Saturday, but protesters withdrew after the attacks, which were mainly in the Mong Kok district.

Some of the protesters in Mong Kok appeared to be leaving the site on Sunday, saying they were joining the main protest group outside government buildings in the Admiralty district.

However, others decided to stay put.

Student activists say they will keep up their protests until details of the talks are worked out. Key activist Lester Shum said: "If the government uses force to clear away protesters, there will be no room for dialogue."

The Chinese Communist Party-owned People's Daily newspaper, which has published front-page editorials criticising the protests in recent days, ran three pieces on the protests in its Monday edition.

One quoted experts saying that "most Hong Kong residents will sensibly make up their own minds about the situation and will support the special administrative region's lawful governance".

Jump media playerMedia player helpOut of media player. Press enter to return or tab to continue.
Steve Hui, Hong Kong Police: "To restore the public order we are determined, and we are confident, we have the capability to take any necessary action"
'Doomed to fail'
What began as a peaceful sit-in to demand democracy on 22 September escalated when riot police used tear gas against unarmed students converging on the government headquarters.

The police response was widely condemned as an overreaction, prompting thousands of people to join the rallies and block key areas, including Hong Kong's financial district.

China's insistence on tight rules on nominations for candidates wanting to stand for election in 2017 has angered pro-democracy campaigners, who say the polls will fall short of the free elections they are seeking and have called for Mr Leung to step down.

But the central government in Beijing has thrown its full support behind Mr Leung, calling the protests illegal and "doomed to fail".

Mainland media are urging people in Hong Kong to "boycott" Occupy Central, while accusing the West of playing an "instigating" role.

Hundreds of Occupy Central campaigners and students have remained on the streets of Hong Kong as a government deadline for them to leave passed without incident.

They are angry at China's plans to vet candidates when Hong Kong holds elections in 2017.

Several papers have given front-page coverage to the protest on Monday.

Most of the papers have reprinted a Xinhua report, noting that some protesters in Hong Kong are starting to withdraw from the streets.

Describing the street movement as "peaceful", the China Daily notes that the "cracks have widened among protesters" and that there is a "lack of leadership".

State-run media outlets have been highlighting that "more people in Hong Kong are supporting the anti-Occupy Central movement", also known as the Blue Ribbon campaign.

According to a report in the state-run Xinhua News Agency, more than a thousand taxi drivers in Hong Kong are protesting against the Occupy Central campaign.

An article in the news agency's website reminds Hong Kong residents that a "harmonious environment" is important for the society to prosper.

The commentary calls for "all the people to create an anti-Occupy Central atmosphere in the society" to ensure that the activists have "reservations in pushing their campaign forward".

"Only when everyone boycotts Occupy Central, and unites to support the legal process of the 2017 election, Hong Kong society will return to its harmonious and stable situation. Only then, the Hong Kong economy can hope to progress," it says.

Providing "live updates" on the protest, the Global Times' Chinese edition states that people in Hong Kong are against the Occupy Central movement.

The website has published excerpts from commentaries from overseas media outlets, warning of economic consequences of the campaign. It has also published photos of people holding placards against the campaigners.

The page, however, makes no mention of the scuffles that reportedly broke out between the opposing camps over the weekend.

Elsewhere, an article in the People's Daily lashes out at the protesters for "seeing themselves as saviours of Hong Kong's future" but "invading the interests of the public and going against the principle of democracy".

'Foreign interference'
Meanwhile, several media outlets are stepping up their criticism of "foreign interference" in Hong Kong.

A communication expert at the Beijing University tells the People's Daily that "foreign political interference" is influencing the campaign.

And finally, media outlets in Hong Kong are discussing the future of the city as the protest shows no signs of ending.

Noting the "foreign influence", a commentary in the Hong Kong-based pro-Beijing China Review News points out the US needs to fully understand China's position on the protest.

The paper adds that Beijing will not change its position on Hong Kong and will continue to support the territory's government.

Cautioning the people in Hong Kong that the "Americans are pragmatic people", the commentary points out that "the US is now hesitant in its support for the Occupy Central".

"If those campaign organisers suddenly soften their approach, it will show that their American masters are giving out a different order," it says.

An editorial in the Ming Pao daily, known to be a paper for the intellectuals, points out that the younger generation in Hong Kong have lost confidence and trust in Beijing's promise of "One Country, Two Systems".

"The questions of how to rebuild the trust and what is the future of Hong Kong-mainland relations must be addressed. If not, the path ahead will be more bumpy and there will be more social opposition movements arising in the future," warns the paper.

Acknowledging that the street protest has caused inconveniences, the Apple Daily calls for a "real dialogue" between the protesters and Hong Kong's government.

"Just requesting the students and residents to back down is unreasonable as well as alienated from the political reality. If the society leaders really hope to end the situation, they should make use of their influence to persuade Beijing and the Hong Kong government to change their attitude and stop belittling the views of the people," it suggests.